Explain GAs in State Channel FSM (#367)
aeternity/protocol: channels/ON-CHAIN.md

Operating a state channel requires, at least, an initial setup via a
`channel_create` transaction, that locks up a configurable amount of coins from
each involved party in the channel. This requires a consent, in the form of

> either signatures or generalized authentication contract call, from all

Reviewer: ```suggestion
either signatures or generalized account authentication call data, from all
```

participants. More information regarding authentication can be found
[here](./authentication.md)

> In the ideal case, all on-chain transactions get authenticated by all

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the ideal case, all on-chain transactions gets authenticated by all
```
